You were the shadow to my light
Did you feel us?
Another start
You fade away
Afraid our aim is out of sight
Wanna see us
Alive
Where are you now?
Was it all in my fantasy?
Were you only imaginary?
Where are you now?
Atlantis
Under the sea
Where are you now?
Another dream
The monster′s running
wild inside of me
I am faded
So lost‚ I am faded
These shallow waters never
met what I needed
I am letting go a deeper dive
Eternal silence of the sea.
I am breathing alive
Where are you now?
Under the bright but faded lights
You have set my heart on fire
Where are you now?
Atlantis
Under the sea
Where are you now?
Another dream
The monster′s running
wild inside of me
I am faded
So lost‚ I am faded